docs: add web workers browser compatibility tips (#6282)
web-infra-dev/rsbuild: website/docs/en/guide/basic/web-workers.mdx

For detailed discussions on cross-domain issues, please refer to [Discussions - webpack 5 web worker support for CORS?](https://github.com/webpack/webpack/discussions/14648)

### Browser compatibility

> It should be noted that when you bundle page with Web Workers, the [entry mode](/guide/advanced/browser-compatibility#entry-mode) is not applicable to Web Workers because the Web Workers thread is isolated from the main thread (page), and the [usage mode](/guide/advanced/browser-compatibility#usage-mode) can be used at this time.

Author: ```suggestion
When your application contains both page code and Web Workers code, it's important to note that Web Workers run in a separate thread, isolated from the main thread environment. The polyfill [entry mode](/guide/advanced/browser-compatibility#entry-mode) provided by Rsbuild cannot take effect in Web Workers. In this case, it is recommended to use the [usage mode](/guide/advanced/browser-compatibility#usage-mode) to inject the required polyfill code specifically for the Web Workers.
```
